Update for NZIC 2022 (#50)
NZOI/website: nzic/index.md

### Registration

**Registration for NZIC 2022 is now open!**  
Registration for all NZIC rounds will remain open until the last competition day on the 28th of August 2022. However, you should register well before you plan to sit the next round - if there is an issue with registration during a round, we are not guaranteed to respond in time for you to compete in that round. If you have missed a round, or you know that you won't be able to make one of the rounds, you are still welcome to register and compete in the other rounds.

- [Register for NZIC 2022](https://forms.gle/v78fiP3w5HUH6ibh8) - you will also be signed up to the NZIC mailing list. We will keep you informed about upcoming rounds, results, solutions, and camp selection. You may unsubscribe at any time.

### Schedule

> There will be 3 rounds in the NZIC 2023. Contest weeks are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There will be 3 rounds in NZIC 2022. Contest weeks are:
```
